ICICI LBAD's clean sale ratio is
not the highest in the industry.  If we
look at the average of the last 3 years, it is around 85%.
Now if you compare this with 98% of HDFC Ago then
obviously you think whether you should
buy ICICI or not.  But
zoom out a bit.  The complete
picture is not clear just from CSR.  When you
look at the overall ecosystem of health insurance
like features, flexibility, add-ons,
real life coverage, then ICICI LBR
seems to be at a different level.  They have created some
genuinely thoughtful consumer first plans
and honestly many legacy
insurers are still not at that level.  Hi
friends, I am Shashank and you are watching
Ditto Insurance.  If you are looking for a
comprehensive and budget-friendly
health insurance, Ditto
can help you find one.  Book a free call
with our advice, the link is
in the description.  So let's start
with the plan of ICICI Lart which has
created a lot of noise in the last one year.
Its name is Elevate.  This plan is
designed for those who
want peace of mind in insurance.
From hospital rooms to chronic illnesses, maternity
consumables.  This plan has got everything covered.
In the default coverage you
get a single private room and if you
want any other category of room then there is an add on for that.  There
is no comment.  There are no disease wise sub
limits either.  This means you don't have to worry
about getting any specific treatment.
Pre-hospitalization cover
is for 90 days and post-hospitalization cover is for 180
days.  Which is honestly
one of the best numbers in the market.  Day care,
home treatments, eye treatments are all covered
on the entire summation shot.  Now it gets a little more
interesting when we look at jump starts.
This is a very unique add-on that
brings down the traditional waiting period of 3 years to just 30 days.  For
conditions like asthma, diabetes, hypertension.
Of course, if it is not already diagnosed.
If you are in your late 20s or 30s
and are at risk of lifestyle conditions.  So this
is a huge plus.  Let me
tell you about another exclusive benefit.  Surrogate and oocyte
donor cover.  The expenses incurred in the process of IVF or surrogacy are
covered up to Rs 5 lakh.  Very few plans in India
openly offer such benefits.
And then comes Infinite Care.  This means that if you have a
major hospitalization once in your life,
ICICI will cover whatever expenses you incur for that one time.
Even if your base sum insured is Rs 10 lakh.
So overall Elevate doesn't just provide cover.
Provides smart cover.  Maternity
cover, PD waiting period reduction, sum
insurance boosters, inflation protectors
are all available as add-ons.  If this all
sounds a bit overwhelming and you're
wondering should I give it all away?   That's where we come in.
Book a Free Call
Vito.  We understand your current health, budget and future
plans and give you suggestions without
any pressure.  Now let's move on
to the next plan which is called Max Protect.   There
are two variants of this plan – Classic and
Premium.  We will focus on the premium
as it is more comprehensive and the
coverage limits are also top notch.  Here you can choose
sum insured from Rs 1 crore to Rs 10 crore or even
unlimited.  There
are very few such options in the market.  There
is no room rent restriction except for suites.
So you will get full room flexibility in more situations.
But there is a catch
in this.  Zone based copayment.  This means that you will have to bear a little bill depending on the
area you live in and where you are getting the treatment.  It may seem a
little inconvenient
but it is balanced by the other benefits.
Pre-hospitalization is for 60 days.
Post hospitalization of 180 days.
Board treatments are covered up to Rs 1 crore.
For Restoration Unlimited.  Your base cover is
used.  No issue, it will be recharged.
Multiple times in the same year.  Annual
health checkups are also covered up to ₹10,000
and if you do not make a claim, you will get a bonus of 20% every year
but the capping is at 100%.  Now let me
tell you a big difference.  World wide
coverage.  Both plan and emergency
treatments abroad are covered
up to ₹3 crore.  There is a waiting period of 2 years for this
and it
is available only for Indian residents.
45 executive days of trip and
maximum 90 days cover is available in the policy year.  Home
care treatment, cover for consumables, PD
waiting period reduction are all included.
So now the question is Max Protect or
Elevate.  If you want global coverage and higher base
sum insured.  Max Protect will look better.
But if you need specific benefits like maternity, jump
start and power boosters,
then Elevate will be more
value for money.  Confused between
Max Protect and Elevate? No need to give us a
free call. We will recommend the best plan according to your age, history and
budget.  The
link
is in the description below.  Now let's move on to the third option.
Activate Booster i.e. ICICI's Super Top
Up Plan.  This plan gets activated
when your hospital bill crosses a certain amount
called deductible.
You can select this deductible between Rs 3 lakh to Rs 20 lakh.  The
coverage ranges from Rs 10 lakh to Rs
3 crore.  This plan
is perfect for those who
already have a base health insurance cover
like an employer plan and want a little more protection
without paying too much.  There is
default room rent capping up to single
private AC room.  There is no copayment.   There are
no disease wise sub limits either.  90 days
pre-hospitalization, 180 days post-
hospitalization are all covered.  Domiciliary and
AYUSH are also included in this.  Do you
know what is the USP of this plan?  The first is jump
start.  You will get it here also.  The beans that were
in Elevate.  The waiting period for lifestyle diseases, which was 3
years, becomes just 30 days.
The second is the guaranteed deductible
reduction.  Every year on renewal, your
deductible will be reduced by 10%
up to a maximum of 50%.  This means your plan
becomes more valuable with time.
Durable equipment, claim protector,
inflation protect, rumored upgrades
are all available in it.  Restoration is
not available in this plan but that is okay because it is a
top up and not a base coverage.  Now let's move on
to the last plan which is Health Advantage
Edge i.e. Epix Plus.  This is ICICI's old
flagship plan before Elevate.  Even today
this is a very strong option for families.  Especially if you are planning a child, the
coverage ranges from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 3 crore.  If
your sum insured is above Rs 20 lakh, there is
no cap on room rent.  It
also does not contain ingredients and disease wise supplements.
Pre-hospitalization 60 days and post-
hospitalization 180 days.  Solid
numbers again.  Annual health checkup will be covered up to ₹10,000.
No Claim Bonus 20% every year
up to 100%. This does not reduce even if you make a claim.
But can I tell you one stand out feature?   You
can avail maternity benefits.  After just a two-
year waiting period.  Pregnancy
complications, delivery, newborn care
are all covered.  Vaccination benefit of
up to ₹10,000 is also available in this.  Bfit OPD add on will
also be available for consultations, pharmacy and
physiotherapy.  Global coverage will also be available if
your sum insured is above Rs 25 lakh.
For both land and emergency treatments.  So
what is ICICI LBD doing in the big picture?
He is not just a legacy insurer.
They are genuinely launching new smart features
that are aligned with people's real-life needs.
Jump Start, Surrogacy, Global
Cover and Infinite Care.  All these are such features
which are not for any presentation
but are designed for usage.
Yes, CSR is their average.  I
understand.  But the complaint ratio
is among the lowest in the market.  Network
hospital is strong, add on is smart.
So if you want customization, a plan that
grows with you and
doesn't surprise you at claim time, then ICICI LB's new
plans are worth a serious look.  Still
unsure which plan is best for you
or whether your current plan is sufficient or not.  So
book a free consultation on Dito.  We will
explain everything.  We will compare and
tell you the best fit for you.  The link
is in the description.  Thanks for watching friends and
always remember to make insurance work for you.
You are not here for insurance, I will
meet you in the next video.  Till then, happy
insurance hunting.